== dconstruction

dconstruction allows you to graph things over the course of a day via twitter.
It was originally built by Rattle for measuring their engagement at dConstruct 2010 -
http://dconstruct2010.rattlecentral.com

It allows a number of pre-defined twitter users to direct message a twitter account with a score
and an associated comment e.g.

+8 code released

== Installation

git clone git://
cp database.example database.yml
rake gems:install
cp application.example application.yml

== OAuth Setup

In order to setup your own instance of dconstruction, you'll need to create a
twitter 'application' at http://twitter.com/apps (ensure you tick the 'authentication
checkbox too).  Add the consumer key and secret  information to the application.yml
file.  You'll then need to authorise the dconstructon app with twitter.  To do
this run the script/authorise.rb script, following the instructions.  You'll be given
an access token and secret which you should add to the application.yml.
dconstruction application with this twitter application.

== Twitter polling

A rake task is used to poll for new tweets :

rake dconstruct:poll

This should be added to crond for automated polling.

== LICENSE

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>
